June 6 2019
  I am going to basically comment on RadiosityFunction.py file because I don't
  know if its mixed with Fortran or not. I am not sure where all the variables
  and functions are stored.

  Another thing. Why is it that in RadiosityFunction that we are using index 3?
  For test? Where can I find this variable and why is that so valued.

  #Raws are basically variables defined in Fortran.

  So I am going to have to redefine them in python

  Now I am starting to think that only the first function is in python the rest
  are edited but not fully python. For example, some array index calling resembles
  Fortran instead of Python.

  Someone else Lab Notebook doesn't have anything about RadiosityFunction. Or I
  didn't see the part when he or she worked on it.

  There are many syntax python errors. Also python is case-sensitive language.
  SUM and sum are not the same function.

June 10 2019
  I am just going to retype rest of the program in python. I think I got the
  syntax down.

  I was just assigned two major hurdles. Downloading fftw and trying to run Fortran
  Both of them are dead end for now so I am just gonna go back to translating
  fortran to python. This seem easier for now.

  Translating is done, but translating #raw will take sometimes since I still
  don't know what double precision is in python.

  Downloading fftw requires complier and the one I see are C++. I am not sure if
  I can use Visual C++ to compile it.

  Professor Riegel told me to install MinGW and i think I got it down.
  To run it, I think you put this in command prompt C:\MinGW\msys\1.0\msys.bat

June 11 2019
  I think the previous day calling is wrong. Using youtube link, I was able to call
  gcc. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuQL_BZydS0&t=862s

  The only problem now is that I have to call gcc using a file. But idk how to use it.

  In Professor Riegel Dissertation A.10 Compiling, she said to make sure fftw.h
  file is in same directory. I found the file but I am not sure how to use it.

  So I am going to try using Fortran for now to try running it. gfortran command
  works now after downloading mingw.

  Right now, I cant use -lfftw3 and I can't use ./RayTrace and honestly, I am
  very lost on what to do.

  What is -mn?
